There are three files in the zip file:  

## Instructions for running the program

The program should be run in the command line with this line of code in the correct directory: 
`spark-submit hw0_bigram.py wiki.txt bigram_count bigram_cond_prob`  

To be mention, **hw0_bigram.py** and **wiki.txt** should be in the same directory, or you should specify the path to file in the line.  
For instance, for running this program on the Desktop with both files in Desktop, you should run `cd Desktop` first before running the line above.
  
Also, you can change the last two parameters in the line **(bigram_count, bigram_cond_prob)** in the `spark-submit` line.
However, this would change the output file names of the program as well.  

## Environment
The program was run in the following environment:
* Python: 3.7.14
* Java: JDK 8
* Spark: version 3.0.0
* OS(Optional): macOS Catalina 10.15.1

## Files in the Zip File

* hw0_bigram.py  
hw0_bigram.py is the .py file contains the code for step 5.  
Detailed inputs, outputs are specified in the .py file, and the execution method is specifed in **Instructions for running the program** section.   
This would read **wiki.txt** and output the folders:   
	* bigram_count
	* bigram_cond_prob


* bigram_count:  
bigram_count is a folder generated by the **hw0_bigram.py** program, which contains files of bigram count.  
This folder contains two files: 
	* \_SUCCESS
	This file is generated by Spark automatically for indicating successful execution.  

	* part-00000
	This file contains multiple lines for count of bigrams in **wiki.txt**.   
	It is the format of `u(bigram, count)` ((key, value)) format.   

* bigram_cond_prob:  
bigram_cond_prob is a folder generated by the **hw0_bigram.py** program, which contains files of bigram conditional probability.  
This folder contains two files: 
	* \_SUCCESS
	This file is generated by Spark automatically for indicating successful execution.  

	* part-00000
	This file contains multiple lines for count of bigrams in **wiki.txt**.   
	It is the format of `u(bigram, conditional probabiltiy)` ((key, value)) format.   

* wiki.txt:  
Original text file provided by the instructor.  


# DS-in-the-Wild
# DS-in-the-Wild
